I hear the birds singing out
to the sunrise.
I see the stars fading away
in the morning light.
Golden sun shines on down
through the treetops,
Where there is a summer breeze
that whispers so soft.
And I sing,
“O Jah, Jehovah my God,
The work of your hands
fills us with awe.”
I stare at the stars,
Wondering how you care who we are.
I see your wonders,
and I sing to you.
I sing to you.
These wondrous, moving,
breathing creations—
Oh, in the night, in the day—
can you hear what they say?
From mountaintops
to the bottoms of oceans,
Let ev’ry living thing
sing out to your praise.
And I sing,
“O Jah, Jehovah my God,
The work of your hands
fills us with awe.”
I stare at the stars,
Wondering how you care who we are.
I see your wonders,
and I sing to you.
I sing to you.
Looking past what we
can see with our eyes,
We will come to know more
about the One who gave us life.
And I sing,
“O Jah, Jehovah my God,
The work of your hands
fills us with awe.”
I stare at the stars,
Wondering how you care who we are.
I see your wonders,
and I sing to you.
and I—I sing to you.
I see your wonders,
I sing to you.